Docs/getting started (#2260)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/quickstart.rst

-------------------------

Services are the core components of BentoML, where the serving logic is defined. With the model

> saved in the model store, we can define the :ref:`web service <service-definition-page>` by creating a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
saved in the model store, we can define the :ref:`service <service-definition-page>` by creating a
```

Just "service"? since it's called `bentoml.Service` in the API?

Author: ah right. I guess I was trying to clarify that what you're getting is a web service. There's no other types of services that you can instantiate right?

:code:`pandas.DataFrame` and :code:`PIL.image` are also supported. To see all supported options, see
:ref:`API and IO Descriptors <api-io-descriptors>`.

> BentoML uses a performance optimized version of https://www.starlette.io/ in order to serve your model efficiently at scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BentoML uses two of the fastest Python web framework `starlette https://www.starlette.io/`_ and `uvicorn https://www.uvicorn.org`, in order to serve your model efficiently at scale.
```

* https://www.techempower.com/benchmarks/#section=data-r17&hw=ph&test=fortune&l=zijzen-1

Next, use the :code:`bentoml build` CLI command in the same directory to build a bento.

Please ensure that:

> 1. The "service" name is the same as the python file name where you're service is declared

Reviewer: this is not required by bentoml, but seem like a good idea to recommend users to do this as a contention

Author: ok, because this was something weird that wasn't working for me unless the service name was the same as the python file name and it kind of messed me up a little. I must have missed something about how these 2 go together

> 2. That you are instantiating your load runners as part of the main path of execution in your python file, not inside of a function. This is because BentoML inspects the code to determine which models to save with the Bento.

Reviewer: this is already enforced by the API design, since the service instance creation: `bentoml.Service(name, runners=[ .. ])` will need a list of runner instances.

Author: hmmm... yea I guess so... It seems a little weird to me that you have to instantiate the runner (even though the model isn't loaded) to go into something static like an annotation. But yea, I see what you're saying. Didn't know if this was a common python convention or not.

Reviewer: @timliubentoml we should probably mention the runner is lazily loaded on the runner process?

Author: the current version I'm about to push completely removes this, and rather annotates the bentofile.yaml and makes a couple of these things slightly more clear. For #2, as you said, based on convention it would be difficult to misconfigure, so maybe leave that clarification out for now. Or add an extra comment on the code that does it to clarify
